<div style="text-align: justify;">

# **Structure Configuration**

> ⚠️ **ATTENTION:** We`ll use Linux command ahead, so is important be carefull with the Linux, where he is sensible to lowercase and uppercase commands.

## **Step 1: VM Login**
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To login to the VM, you can use the following command:
```
gcloud compute ssh --zone <"vm-zone"> <"host-name"> --project <"Yellow name">
```

# **Step 2: Root-User and Not-Root-User**

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Before you unable the root user, we have to show the diferences between root-user and not-root-user.

**`Root-User:`** Is the superuser of the system, and it has all the permissions to do anything. This permission type is not recommended to use in production environments, because is a security risk.

**`Not-Root-User:`** Is a user that has limited permissions, and it can only do things that the root. This permission type is recommended to use in simple tasks.

To see the host-name:
```
hostname
```

To see the linux-vm hostname:
```
hostname linux-vm
```

To see wich user is using:
*  whoami = `who-am-i`
```
whoami
```

To change to root user:
* sudo = `super-user`
```
sudo su -
```

Change to hostname linux:
```
hostname linux-vm
```

Show the hostname:
```
hotname
```

Logout from the root user:
```
exit
```

```
sudo su -
```

# **Step 3: Add new user**
Add new user
```
useradd <user name>
```

Add new password
```
passwd <user password>
```

Change to anyone user:
```
su <user name>
```
ou
```
su - <user name>
```

Show the user list
```
history
```

Return to root user

# **Step 4: Use Tree command**
To use the tree command, you need to install it first. You can install it by running the following command:
```
yum install tree
```

The all structure will show the tree structure of the system.
```
cd /
```
and 
```
ls
```

> ⚠️ **ATTENTION:** Just use the `tree` command just when you want to see all files Linux, so becarefull